{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Helvetica;}{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\f0\fs72\b Coach\b0\fs24\par
\pard\f0\fs24 \par
\pard\f0\fs60\b Basic Info\b0\fs24\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  Hockey coach at Harcroft Academy\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  Built a championship powerhouse program\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  The pride of the community\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  SECRET: Criminal mastermind using his position for illegal operations\par
\pard\f0\fs24 \par
\pard\f0\fs60\b Public Face\b0\fs24\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  Beloved figure—the man who put Harcroft hockey on the map\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  Brings prestige, revenue, and community pride to the school\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  Players worship him, parents admire him, administration defers to him\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  {\i What's his coaching persona? Tough but fair? Inspirational? Demanding?}\par
\pard\f0\fs24 \par
\pard\f0\fs60\b The Criminal Operation\b0\fs24\par
\pard\f0\fs24 \par
\pard\f0\fs24 {\b Two-pronged scheme:}\par
\pard\f0\fs24 \par
\pard\f0\fs52\b 1. Drug Distribution\b0\fs24\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  Selling drugs through the hockey department\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  {\i Mechanism TBD:}\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  Through equipment shipments? (Drugs hidden in gear orders)\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  Through team travel? (Players as unwitting mules)\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  Through team doctors/trainers? (Prescription drugs diverted)\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  Direct sales to students?\par
\pard\f0\fs24 \par
\pard\f0\fs52\b 2. Money Laundering & Kickbacks (The Arena)\b0\fs24\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  Coach has lobbied for a new hockey arena to be built\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  The construction is his money laundering operation\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  Shell companies are doing the construction work\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  These companies kick back money to Coach\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  Inflated invoices, phantom costs, the whole playbook\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  {\i Who runs the shell companies? Outside organized crime? Local businessmen?}\par
\pard\f0\fs24 \par
\pard\f0\fs24 {\b The arena is the key} - it's the visible monument to Coach's power AND the mechanism for his largest-scale crime.\par
\pard\f0\fs24 \par
\pard\f0\fs24 {\b Who's involved:}\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  {\i Assistant coaches?}\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  {\i Certain players?}\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  {\i Equipment manager?}\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  {\i The shell company owners}\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  {\i Someone in school administration who signs off on contracts?}\par
\pard\f0\fs24 \par
\pard\f0\fs60\b The Real Power at Harcroft\b0\fs24\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  Fitzsimmons is the nominal head; Coach is the actual power\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  Everyone knows not to cross him\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  {\i How does he maintain control? Fear? Leverage? Bribery?}\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  {\i What happens to people who get in his way?}\par
\pard\f0\fs24 \par
\pard\f0\fs60\b Connection to Julian's Accident\b0\fs24\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  Julian was investigating the operation\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  Julian got too close\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  The "accident" was arranged (or committed) by Coach or his people\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  Coach told Fitzsimmons it was truly an accident\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  {\i Did Coach personally handle Julian, or did he have someone do it?}\par
\pard\f0\fs24 \par
\pard\f0\fs60\b Personality\b0\fs24\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  Charming in public\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  Ruthless in private\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  {\i Calculating or volatile?}\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  {\i Does he enjoy the power, or is he in too deep?}\par
\pard\f0\fs24 \par
\pard\f0\fs60\b Weaknesses\b0\fs24\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  {\i What can bring him down?}\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  {\i Is there evidence somewhere?}\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  {\i Does he have a weak link in his operation?}\par
\pard\li360\f0\fs24 \bullet  {\i Is there something he cares about that can be leveraged?}\par
\pard\f0\fs24 \par
\pard\f0\fs60\b Open Questions\b0\fs24\par
\pard\f0\fs24 1. What exactly is Coach's criminal operation?\par
\pard\f0\fs24 2. What's the mechanism? (Equipment? Travel? Donations?)\par
\pard\f0\fs24 3. Who are his accomplices at Harcroft?\par
\pard\f0\fs24 4. What exactly did he do to Julian?\par
\pard\f0\fs24 5. What evidence exists that could expose him?\par
\pard\f0\fs24 6. What's his weakness?\par
\pard\f0\fs24 7. Does he have outside criminal partners?}